[Music]
okay welcome everyone to the ipfs All
Hands call for July 30th 2018 light
agenda today
looks like starting off is just me where
I want to address that we're supposed to
be switching off the hosts every month
that's what we talked about so I'm
interested in seeing if anyone wants to
host these meetings for next month
if you have the availability we have an
outline for what that entails and I've
posted that in the chat there if you
want to take a look at it but we don't
have to sell this right now but if if
anyone is interested in hosting these
next month please reach out to me
preferably over slack and we can get
that sorted if you have any permission
problems or thing questions we can just
go ahead with that looks like there's a
notice for the D Web Summit in San
Francisco this week which is just going
to mean that the I'm assuming the
majority of the team is going to be
unavailable as they'll be at the event
I'm not sure if anyone wanted to speak
on that specifically okay oh not like I
guess I can just speak this or the
decentralized Web Summit is gonna be
this huge event that's happening in San
Francisco there's gonna be like over 700
people there where we're giving I think
it's like over 20 presentations about IP
FS are being given by people who are
active contributors to IP FS plus like I
don't actually know how many other
presentations are being given by people
who built stuff with ipfs there's at
least 10 of those that I know of but
it's like the schedule so big that it's
it's been hard to keep track of and all
of that is gonna be like multiple rooms
are going to be live streams and then
those live streams will be
archived in the Internet Archive so it's
just going to be like this gigantic
amount of information about
decentralized web as a whole but also a
huge amount of stuff without ipfs and
what people are doing with ipfs is going
to be coming out in the next over the
next three days this is there's a
smaller pre event that the internet
archive's doing tomorrow and then the
big event is on the first and second of
August so this dude today's Monday so
yeah Wednesday and Thursday are gonna be
this just like giant onslaught of
information and then sorry I haven't had
a chance to load the schedule because I
was having audio issues there the agenda
for this vault is there a separate
agenda item for the lab date it doesn't
look like it
okay so immediately after the
decentralized Web Summit which is
Wednesday and Thursday then protocol
labs is hosting what we're calling a lab
day in San Francisco the purpose of that
la update is that all of these people
who have come to the D Web Summit to
present about their work a lot of them
are only getting like 5 minutes to
present their work in that because this
just a Venice are jam-packed so we're
we're doing an additional day where
people are gonna record longer versions
of their comics and so that we'll be
putting out all of that information as
well so it's just gonna be gigantic
amount of information for me one that's
a great reason yes so that day is that
on Friday oh yeah that that's on Friday
the 3rd ok well actually going to the
summit and so I was coming tonight
coming back on Thursday bill
changed my flight cool if it's a worth
defending it gives I mean to some
information of great yes so you knew
that
and also I'm actually um there's a the
di D that decentralized identifiers talk
that's going on and uh I'm trying to get
on on that I think as protocol apps is
sponsoring it so if you could Matt if
you can help me actually get as far as a
speaker on that panel at the grade
so this is a panel that's happening
during the D Web Summit yeah so
decentralized identifier is basically
the the D ID spec like the IP ID that I
created
and yeah weekly as is moderating it we
can follow up about that one there's
been a lot of these individual all the
individual panels are being organized by
individual people who sort of have their
own leeway over who the who they're
putting on their panels but I can I can
try to connect you with those people
enjoyed a good plug pin for me cool
alright anymore on the summit's that we
have in lab days
daveed very quick so I just posted a
link to the lab date so if people want
more information about location and
schedule a soon to be added you can find
there on that website web.com and one
thing I wanted to say is yes like the
team will be out for most of the week
and lots of things will be happening at
the summit but pretty much all the talks
will be recorded and one type of session
that we've been preparing is workshops
and so all of this seventh we are going
to have new workshops on building
distributed applications and also
understanding IPL V that we designed
them to so that they can be reused by
any IP test meetup or people can even
just like run to them at home so I know
I call all of us a lot of people in the
community I've been looking for more
material so I really get up to speed on
ipfs IPL deal with peer-to-peer that's
activity real-time etc and what I can
say I'm really excited to like finally
publish these because a lot more people
will be able to like get their hands
dirty and start building stuff through
these materials there will be online my
end of the week all right good
look forward to seeing all the video and
documents on this most I'll post a link
to the schedule 50 Web Summit in the
agenda or in the notes so because then
if people want to follow along a lot of
it's gonna be live streams sounds good
alright it looks like we have no more
agenda items we have a demo from watch a
if you would like to share your screen
go through with it so test pure ideas
that TK is this tiny service I built and
it basically generates a bunch of pure
ideas in advance and has a simple API
for retrieving them and the purpose of
all this is to basically quickly get
pure ideas that have a big key size for
testing and all of these are unique for
example this one as answered from H this
one yeah that one also itself an H but
it has three K bad luck I guess
so the service I built this because I
got fed up by generating a bunch of pure
ideas for testing so I understand the
implication that generates all of them
in advance and basically makes
everyone's life easier
it also has 16 K IDs so if one needs a
zigzoo cake he instantly this is a way
to get one but I do not recommend using
that in production because well letting
other people generate your case Yogi's
isn't really safe so don't use it in
production but use it for all other
needs you have and that's basically it
any questions on that Savi I have a
comment this is pretty cool we have been
talking about like generating a bunch of
pre appear IDs to make
exactly test faster I feel that mad she
went like the fool like just brought all
of the weaponry to make this happen
because he made a full service we're
given that we are going to use these for
tests probably just like having an NPM
module like something that uses cutting
style and like use it programmatically
would make more sense given it like if
we want to make things faster then like
we should not have an HTTP request on
the middle like we can just like add a
module but like as soon as you require
your day like a bunch of kids that you
can use for your tests totally agree
they're like definitely do not use an
external service to get your PID because
that's your private key you know it's
like you don't know when someone else
shoot whether your private key but yeah
like pretty cool let's get those days
faster probably necessary the pool which
be API service the module like I guess
like network is already all done here we
just need to add it to the test also
about the IDS using them locally I
created another module called a jerky
cache and that module once local HTTP
service that after generating an ID it
starts that on disk and this allows us
to speed up tests because if 20 at least
get generated in the next test run there
will simply be loaded from disk engage
the HTTP API is necessary for storing
them on disk because the browser can't
do that
all right any more questions or
on that looks like no I want to thank
much it for always filling our demo
block very appreciated but that's
looking like it unless anyone has any
last-minute agenda items or demos that
they would like to say Aaron hey yeah I
just wanted to introduce us we from
Divya we're looking at using IP FS to
build decentralized search and kind of
intelligence gathering capabilities and
so we're new to the community just
wanted to say hello and introduce
ourselves or I need to just kind of stop
by and kind of keep tabs what's going on
as we're looking at starting to build
stuff so yeah very cool glad to have you
and that did you do did you post a link
to your project in New Age and yes yeah
so I can post a link to our company
where we don't have a ton of things
published yet about our kind of moving
to the decentralized space we started
off have kind of a been have been around
for a couple years now and are just
starting to look at building a protocol
and and I've token potentially and
things like that but I'll post a link to
our company great
which reminds me we're trying to get the
awesome ipfs up to date because debate
did you did you want to announce the
that website it's so exciting
good boy yeah yeah that thank you for
the reminder so we now have an exciting
website that basically lists everything
that people or try to list everything
that people have been building with ipfs
and that goes from I'm putting here the
link on some chat and it goes from apps
articles tools videos me actually just
ensure scroll it for you go so you
probably can see my screen now and Ike
we have it's really nice website awesome
ipfs it's inspired by the awesome lists
and you can like find apps find articles
tools videos you can search for example
here you can find things like orbit or
like basically anything that's listed
here if you're looking for I get a cool
thing to show like a an example like
what you can build with a TFS you have a
lot of them here we welcome everyone to
help us fill this list it is still a
growing list it has a bunch of stuff
already and the way to add something
here is simply by going to this repo
ipfs swosh awesome IPSS and previously
this was just like a normal really
awesome list that like has a list of
everything that has been added so far
but now if you follow the contributing
guideline basically explains that like
if you add something to this data file
and I can be article app tool video and
you can do that very simply by just like
adding a title a website source
inscription a picture and when you do
that it will automatically generate the
bring me so I can to objectively meet in
and then it will generate a new version
of the website then also is live on rpms
so if you want like to carry this
website around you you can using AP FS
and as I said like the list is already
pretty big but like there is so much
stuff that isn't listed here so if you
have an app like if you are building a
product if you have a library service to
generate parodies and you if you think
like it fits well in this page
definitely consider adding it it would
be very cool if we could have like a
full like constellation of all the
things that people are building will
ipfs so I've stuck my screen share yeah
back again to you man
well did people have questions about
that before I show another thing thats
related to it ok please do post your
stuff there because we're going to be
recommending to lots of people this week
that they should look at this with all
the see web stuff so if you you want to
make sure your stuff fitzy feature to
add it to the Aqsa my PFS now related to
that your I'll post this link and then
I'll share the screen there's a thing
that's gonna be sort of gonna be
premiered at the the summit in one of
the sessions this week and this I'm
going to share my screen so this is a
project to map the decentralized web and
it's still sort of an output so it's
it's a little bit hard to show but what
is what it is is it's also just like
awesome ipfs is actually driven by a
github repo where you add you add JSON
files about your project and then it's
rendering this map of all these projects
and how they're related so there's ipfs
and then there's all like protocol labs
and let's see the PE and matrix and
shows the project
that are using a CSS like interplanetary
way back on this is one of the things
that it's giving this weird pop-up that
hides the thing you're trying to show
when you hover over it so it's it still
needs a little bit of work but that's
also another place where you can post
your posterior on information about your
projects but it's already got a lot of
ipfs stuff in there that's an idea of
something we could do with the
information that's going into awesome IP
of this we could also kind of sometime
within to this map but yeah it's pretty
cool it's a new thing that's on this
group digital life collective have been
working on the best game oh yeah that's
my Nancy's very cool stop the vide quick
question how can we add stuff he's just
like a poor request to some repo or yeah
let me let me pull up the arm there's a
forum and there's your a post into the
chat my notes you can you can update the
entries there's a submit the JSON
directly so you can either submit the
JSON to this github repo link there or
you can fill out this form that I've
linked to that's a cool app that
generates the JSON for you and emails it
to the maintainer so that they can then
review it and sort of clean it up for
you and then PR it for you so like I
found that I didn't really know what to
put in a JSON first I had to use the
form a couple times and then when I saw
what their I people this one looks like
now I can just create mangies
all right um looks like we have a couple
minutes left for comments calls for help
or anything else anyone wants to raise
if no one has anything to say I think
that's going to be a successful meeting
and we can adjourn so look forward to
seeing you all next week bye